bpo-46434: Handle missing docstring in pdb help (#30705)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-01-20-10-35-10.bpo-46434.geS-aP.rst

> pdb help now gracefully handles any case where __doc__ is missing, for
> example when run from a windows embeddable package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`pdb` now gracefully handles any case where :attr:`__doc__` is missing, for
example when run with pregenerated optimized ``.pyc`` files.
```

FYI, I found the special references by searching the `Doc` folder for other examples. These will turn them into links in the final doc.

Author: Ah cool thank you, good to know! Maybe it's not important but should we retain a reference to `help` in there given it's the help command within pdb which has been fixed? Otherwise "any case" without the scope of 'help' feels like a bit of an overstatement (!)

Author: Hopefully ba2053d is ok
